Okay, so we've gotten a
little off topic okay but of course the
thing is that Rodinger's cat Rocio
Vidal made a video let's start
watching it from the beginning because of course we've
gone a bit off topic she didn't make
a video to disprove these people
to disprove these people but but
how or why was it necessary Rocio
was it necessary We see them everywhere
saying something crazier and crazier I've
never told it because no one is going to believe me
what I've seen in Africa I've seen
a man transform into Leon they get
called up for a ton of podcasts they
accumulate hundreds of thousands of it's that I
loved the lion thing because
maybe it was a man who had
forgotten to shave productions
everywhere and they've
even gone viral Memes No Albert aen was used
to create the theory of relativity and to
create a formula well that formula is
incomplete So when he created it they
told him stay still that's it But what's
behind these two characters my
tartaria and the empirical Mickey Mouse well we
have Carles torá and Enrique Pérez
the people  behind the character and today we
are going to see the truth and the interest But
why is it called Why is it called Mickey
Mouse empirical is that behind it I have
thought very long and hard about whether to make this video
because in the end I know that it is giving another
loudspeaker to their speeches But the reality
is that if we do not fight it and we do not
show what it really is that they
are trying to sell us and what is the
business they have behind it that now you will
see they will continue to camp freely
because without any kind of consequence that
already or it is because in Mickey's ears they
tell him that or I understand why here I
am watching another video of This one that this one is
also a friend of the see these FR
this one is also a friend of Rodinger's cat
Give yourself a blog, I mean I understand that
these videos are because there are people who are people who are
fooled no this
information no Or else there are people who
believe it I advance that for example
Carlora has set up a business with
cryptocurrencies bip payments to tell you
that truth that they do not want you to know the
guy gets money from everywhere all the
things they tell you are really
telling you the truth in fact
Enrique Pérez's Mickey channel  Empirical Mouse is
called exposing the truth and one of
Carles Torá's programs is called the
truth that is revealed I will never hear
a scientist talk about
absolute truths but probabilistic truths as he
said Hum it is not the most we
can aspire to but it is that these
people have been given some kind of
divine enlightenment or from other planets
that the rest of us mortals have not been
able to give effectively yes the truth
of how to make a fortune telling
superstitions to people let's see the
golden formula t Rocío gets angry going
viral telling everything to begin with the
technique is to go viral even if it means
saying an increasing outrage we
see here that Carles Torá seems
even restrained saying that we are not
crazy about the things that exist but
that the giants Yes now we will understand
why let's not forget about reptilians and
Arcturians and Lim Murian and Pleiadians
and no let's not complicate things so much everything is
much closer and much easier Yes there are
beings from other places but no there are no
beings that are removed  a little face
comes out a lizard no please don't keep
believing those things that is pure
conspiracy and and look and the thing about there being
giants Beyond Antarctica Yes that
is true but it's that in another video
Clear clear as never before as never before we're going to go through
there you know well nobody is going to
check it out Beyond Antarctica there are
giants let's see who the [ __ ] You're going to
check it out this happens they always
want more because what more can you have
when you already have everything Don't forget
that they are reptiles the one who is most
reasonable is Enrique Pérez and he suddenly talks
about reptiles what are we left with do
reptiles exist or not then
the reality of telling a
totally alternative and fictitious story about
the history of science as it is
known today
would demonstrate the spherical Earth
would demonstrate the universe the planets
the stars none of that exists but if I
placed the correct formula with that
piece in front the stars do not exist
either they are stickers like the ones she
put on me today I loved the stickers
my mother put on me I loved it let's go
by egg I always had to have and if I
know and if it fell  or whatever I
had to buy more stickers on
the ceiling of the room that at
night They lit up well they lit up no they
glow in the dark and they are the
little stars the moon and those things
the sky had on the ceiling I showed you
quantum even supported by the
string theory that what
the front or facade called NASA since
1958 is selling us as is is not real What
madness eh I'm going to have to
bring you back that of course the delox the delox what a
cameo eh the delo here eh with the
Rodinger kitten those my girl has them they
sell them I'm still going to buy Elena the
slightest bit that you know a little your
eyebrow goes up and says say what are you saying
to Javi of course he had a seizure And he had to
answer and in fact while I was writing
the script I saw that he uploaded a
very long video talking about why What are
dangerous these speeches I
recommend that you watch it after this one
because this is going to put you in situation And
Javi reflects a lot on where we
we are advocating as a society but in relation
to what Carles Tora says it basically
makes no sense neither physically nor historically
nor anything It is not correct the letters are
not added to the magnitudes just like that
maybe he is talking about the
cosmological constant but it has nothing to
do with the story he is telling and he
also mentioned the string theory which
is much, much later, it
was not even used at that time anyway it
is all nonsense that in the end
anyone who knows a little about
physics knows that it
is Carles Tora the businessman but let's get to the
point Who is Mr. Tartaria Who is
Carles Tora according to the autobiography
on his website I am Catalan energetic
Always happy many already know about my
experience on an
Antarctica mission in 2016 and the encounter with
beings from the fifth dimension says that
that child has had very perceptions
Who are the beings of the fifth
dimension what are you interested in
thematic they deal with on YouTube specials
connecting with higher worlds and dimensions
but he met a being
called nim Roy who would begin to
deliver hundreds of messages
for all humanity Here we see the
first
key he has been chosen by some beings to bring the truth to the rest of humanity that truth is not free to pay we start with the first one And it says that a mission in Antarctica in 2016 in fact we have irrefutable proof that he was there we see in this photo is the photo that
Lena here that is going to give him with the photo
I see the photo and the man with the
penguins no that passes him the photo but
see the ia did not exist yet but
Photoshop is a bit crappy no if
we look for the background We have here that is
an archive image and basically he has
pasted a subject in it guy looking for a
more
curr photo Aiden right now take a
more credible photo luare can you no s
ask Aiden or you with thea can you
take a photo of me where I am in
Antarctica in Carona could be a person
please It's that at least he could have
worked a little this scam not from
Antarctica basically he says that he went to
Antarctica that he found a huge cube
full of beings that control
civilization in  that we lived and that he
worked for them but now he doesn't and he has
become enemy number one
in fact he says that since he knows the truth they
are threatening him from a
red telephone that they are behind there Those who
pull the strings and the best thing is that he
records statements where
this powerful elite supposedly threaten him telling himself
that if he continues to tell the truth they will
have to take him to court and
hide it the gentleman is not us at all
and it is no longer for us but for
our superiors from the highest
spheres of the agency he says things
ahead of time we have already warned
many times statement from the elite
from the Antarctic base with the
Alpha team 13 Final destination jubilees 2033
host Well damn the elite man it is
telling us that this is the last warning if
things continue to advance and times will
end up being killing [ __ ] of the 13
trials deis and all the comments of
course Thank you Carles for being so
brave for Game Over Planetarium or rather
the cba are people from here from the
youth but despite everything tell the
truth Take my money Hey, I also
play this  uh hello dear Earthlings
speaking from the Aryan planet, I am your
president Juliano I ask you not to
listen to our rebel sheep Rocío
Vidal she is revealing the truth to you ahead
of time do not give her all your money
or it will be unpayable and she will reveal all the
secrets of the world well you know well let's
see I'll leave you my PayPal and she is
deceiving us don't deceive us let her tell us the truth if we see her Twitter he until 2016 2017 uploaded photos Well, partying with his wife or his partner then he moved on to the subject of spirituality and he did retreats more spiritual things but now where he has seen the business is in the subject of
conspiracy the subject of selling you that
well the world is going to end that there is
a new humanity and that you have to be
part of that group in fact their
website to access that truth and you have to
pay the standard price of 99 a year
to attend their unique talks on their
doctrines their truths etcetera according to the
website and 185 active users which would
imply a total of  18300 a year in the
pocket is not bad also sells you
18000 turkeys a year trips in which you
will be accompanied and you will also discover the
Tartarian civilization that is why it is called
Mr. Tartaria Javi I have a friend who is
half crazy he had told me that
supposedly there is an alien race
that are lions in Africa Ah well this one
found them this one found them because
he defends the conspiracy theory
that the world was enabled by
a superior civilization in which there were
giants very
technologically advanced and that after disappearing
more or less a century ago it was erased from
all historical records that is why
in some of his trips he shows you the
doors through which those
giants entered Well from the temple of Abu
one of the most unknown in the Valley
of the Kings a new sample eh of the
Giants from here in Egypt look at this
door which is the second door Well
but the thing is that this one tells you that this is in
the Valley of the Kings it is not even like that
this is the temple of Medinet Abu in
Luxor Well the thing is that there is not even a
minimum of truth nothing many of the people who
believe in this superior tartarian civilization
use images created by
int one of the last living race of giants
photo taken in 1901 in
artificial in gency to spread that truth
others say that before electricity
was free in tartaria and that they had already
discovered electric antennas and
surround an old photo for lightning
that the lightning rod was invented in the
17th century by Benjamin Franklin but
was perfected by Nicolaus Tesla in
fact at the beginning of the 20th century so
what do you mean with that image that there was
lightning rod what does that mean it's all
a kick the history of science
is incredible but well the reality is
that tartaria did exist from the
Middle Ages more or less until the
19th century it was called tartaria an extension of
land that was between the Caspian Sea and
the southern mountains but that has
nothing to do with this I mean
today it is more or less Siberia with the
eastern tip of Russia and it has other
areas come on but from there to there being
giants well we have to continue with
the business and with taking money from people we
already know that to be viip and access
all the benefits you have to pay  99
but it also has a store that
offers wonderful things like cubes
cylinders stones with
magical properties that remove all the
technological [ __ ]. This ah, hey, well, I'm going to
buy one of those stones to
remove a lot of [ __ ]. And I'm going to
put it over here, eh, remember our very good
friends, the modern shamans,
Florita is indeed the modern shamans.
You see, the video of Rocío with which she came out,
eh, the modern shamans, I mean, how was
the controversy there that I had with Rodinger's cat?
eh, kids, kids, a photo in the pineapple, a
photo in Antarctica, kid, what, 99
turkeys a month, does it work or not? 99
turkeys a month are the first to
enter the Kingdom of Heaven, the children,
the innocence of the child who is my friend
Carlos Vives. Hey, my friend Carles Vives,
we should have a photo, right? But ah, no,
Carlos, like, saying, hey, what the
hell, eh? Let's see, they are the first to
enter the Kingdom of Heaven.  children
the innocence of the child that is we should have
wonderful here take a
picture go Yes but there Not here
because you already change our place how you
change our
place look you are all hungry we have already
asked we came from Monserrate doing
an activation we have activated all of
Bogotá beautiful they are there the two bog
est city if you need est cud beautiful and
what I was doing with Carlos Vives there I don't know if
you saw him But I
ran into Carlos Vives at the Latin
and he was charming the truth is that
precisely yesterday
eh I was organizing a photo while I
was while we were on a call
Elena and
precisely the photo that I
took with Carlos Vives came up well we took a
lot we took a few photos
Okay what's going on well it doesn't let me it doesn't
let me open it or what ah Wait I think you
're not seeing we didn't take
those photos there and and a little thing well some
videos too a few let's see I think
some [ __ ] It doesn't
load Yes yes look
here I
say bye Carlos how is everything everything
good
great a machine Carl eh a machine Carl
It's true that they use it How was the
controversy that I had with Rodinger's cat
eh we met on the wrong foot
eh Because she took a video that her
script was literal from the cotill forum that
nothing happens, I mean, I think we've all
done it in the end when you don't get
information from one forum you get it from somewhere else
but it made me laugh a lot because
then I took out a video talking about the
same topic and a lot of
information coincided obviously because we
had taken it from the same side and
the colleague took it and left a comment on me Oh
you copied the video I don't know what you know
a lot about But well we made the
pass we made the passes, let's go, I have
gotten along more or less cordially with
her what happens is that I haven't spoken to her in 1000 years since I spoke to
her, let's see when was the
last time I would speak to this
girl, I had her on WhatsApp Look, Rocío
Vidal, I don't even have the
last conversation saved that I could, I don't know, I think the
last time I spoke to her was in
2020 2021 for something we talked about, get
off the air because of something that
happened to her eh negative  hosa how to spend time
eh poop that technology produces in us
and watch out that if you enter their
Telegram channel already like that it's a
money-making party, as soon as you enter it
is sponsored by a cryptocurrency t
and it takes you directly to the
Cryptocurrency Channel on their website there is also
directly a section for
cryptocurrencies but it is vi the cryptocurrency
itself has been so low for a month
but well we already know that to
promote garbage crypto it makes
absolutely no difference what matters
is the money they put behind you it
promotes of course their withdrawals and
now it has released a Supreme machine
called boscal quantum tesla Einstein
This is a joke it says that
the Russian army comes to the box directly,
that it is a current system that
uses ether, ether By the way, it does not
exist, it has been discarded by science
for many years and that it regenerates you
cellularly and eliminates everything here I
am showing you the
Tesla Einstein Quantum Scalar Bio Machine the box is a
Russian box from the Russian army, it comes
directly from Moscow, eh, I'm going to give it
power, it hates Dallas and  dros who
girl this is not
too much you see that it is already beginning to
release The spark the sparks little by little you
see it from the basic energy of leter
of the energy of waves working with the
continuous energy of the machine we
achieve cellular regeneration we
achieve we manage to get rid of a lot of
pain we manage to fry parasites and
energetic viruses and at the same time also
the people who have injected we
also manage to eliminate all this
that is very harmful to the seral okay
ladies and gentlemen scoop I wrote to the
Mail to look for information on
how much the machine cost and kill me
truck well First they tell me that this
machine was already known to Tesla and Einstein and
that it cures everything that has to do with
the cellular that they withdrew that they
censored my mother the poor if they
rose from the grave to see how they are
using their name to tell
superstitions well they say that the machine
comes from Tartary of the time that it is having
a lot of demand that the first
prototype is around 800 and that the latest
version the best 2,000 and 2500 If we
want  that everything goes including the
crystals and everything Goodbye Pedrín And of
course Not happy with the whole issue, I saw that to
enter certain live shows
you have to pay 20 bucks he can't
tell you everything on Telegram you have to go to
his retreats this guy is a machine my
conclusion is that a businessman has
found a way to scam
people with superstitions and stories
each one more implausible but as much as
the majority considers it even a
meme there is a part of society that is hungry
for that hidden truth that is willing
to pay a lot of money for it that
mysterious guy is not the unattainable This for
me is like but of course This is at the same level
because I was thinking how does he do
these things and nobody reports him no Eh
This for me is at the same level because
the podcasts the interviews and all the
roll as entertainment that I see it
not for laughs and such is worth it as a show
but to start selling this type of
things and there are people who
really fall for that be careful eh but of course
for you this would not be At the
same level as the fortune tellers who
read your cards who read your ass and
those  things and the hand no that reads your
hand and a crystal ball it's the
same they deceive people saying no that that you read that you
read the one that
reads your future and looks at it in a
crystal ball you know or in some cards
cancelable with that you make a business of
private chats of 99 a year of online store
with cubes and unnecessary things of
supposedly accompanied travel withdrawals
to know the reality
etcetera etcetera if it is a
round business empirical Mickey Mouse and now
we go with Enrique Pérez who is the
founder of the Channel exposing the truth
And he has also pruned the empirical Mickey Mouse as a meme Well
that's why the voice is
also not that it has so particular
because you can't go you take Georgio and
say tomorrow Oh let's go to Antarctica and we're
going to investigate what's there Forget it
and if you go and get closer with
us we have a video of
flat-earthers people who approached with the ship
and they threaten to bomb you it became
known 9 years ago I have gone down to
his first YouTube videos Because he
selected famous people  and showed the
conclusive evidence the truth that
they were Illuminati I took one of the
first ones he made as an example and it says
Levin's face the proof is that one
has a photo he covered one eye with his
hand Oh there's rolling with the with Amber there is
no refutable proof Illuminati and also
that in another photo he appears with two cats and
the cats symbolize mind control
that michin has not looked at you fixedly and
you have become his slave
forever, come on, it happens to me continuously
that's why I accumulate
cats but Wait wait now that
I look closely what he has are chihuas they
are not cats we have been deceived well
what does it matter they are a little less graceful
of face a little more evil but in this
case it is the same then he also has
an Instagram since 2018 in which there he does
focus on the flat earth his
first photo is hanging hanging like
a spherical earth all photos with the
flat earth symbol and there it was made
like the name not being what title do I
give to this exclusive from the
gref platform what title do I give it
new  platform no the real title no
new platform greev and Rubius
will compete will compete with Twitch no
new platform colon gref and
Rubius will compete Twitch no It's that
what else What else am I going to put or can I
put urgent colon gref and Rubius
want to end Twitch not in
parentheses new platform urgent colon
gref and Rubius want to end
Twitch in parentheses new platform
yes no I mean what else is he going to give it
is that he is a flat-earther and so he continues with
all these flat-earther meetings
because he made a name for himself What a shame I did
n't meet him at the
Barcelona meeting in 19 But well His content
has followed that
conspiratorial line not of The crazier what I
say The more implausible
the supposed truth I reveal the more
audience I will bring it is the clickbait that is why it does
not hold back and does not respect the
dead suggesting that Matthew Perry
had been murdered by the Illuminati
or that singers like nikel and col
had also sold their souls of course
all the conspiracies go together and he
also believes that we are fumigated  from the
sky and that they put toxins in us from all
sides, their star theory is the
negative primacy as well. Apart from
flat-eartherism, which I love because it
says that the best way to hide
the truth from you is to put it right in front of your eyes, that
is to say, in movies and series they
are really telling us the whole truth about what there
is in the world so that
the truth about the flat Earth lulls us to sleep. Let's see
this in my world, all these
conspiracies that are shown in
series and on television are
satires, not caricatures of the ideas of
a part of society or simply
fiction. But hey, to each his own, my
conclusion about Enrique Pérez, I don't know if I'm
wrong and time will prove me wrong,
but I don't see that desire for business
and to get money from people with a
story that they don't believe. Not even him. I think that
this kid is convinced of what he
says, he's been with this issue for many years,
or rather, the other one is doing it,
deceiving people, no, and getting passes and
charging for these things, no, but the
other one, this Mickey, is convinced of
what he says. Another thing is that  what he
says is not a kick all the science and
physics known and that makes some
kind of sense But that is my
perception so far all this why I
tell it because in the end it seems that
Haha they are a meme we continually make them
viral Look at what things they
say but the reality is that behind
this there is a business and there are people like
Carles Torá making a lot of money from this it
is not an innocuous speech we live in the
time of the Clickbait Meme that these
types of speeches are easily
viralized in all
social networks and the platforms benefit from it
and many times the content that
refutes it is not even close to as viral that is
why we do not stay with the laughter that it
gives us Listening to the flat earther or Mr.
Tartaria you have to look beyond see what is
going on behind there And at
least with that God my gosh go characters let's
see I see it as a show for laughs
and so on you know I did not see it as something to
buy products from obviously
[Music]